what's up everybody and welcome back to
the fan scription podcast this was not
intentional elsewhere in the same
culture but we're blending in today it's
also weird to have me threatening myself
with a gun like right behind my back
right directly behind yes no so we
usually have Rob on this show me and Rob
we usually talk about the fan script
some stuff but since Doug wrote this one
for Mary Poppins returns we have the
other Walker brother here today so we're
gonna go into your original feelings on
the first Mary Poppins movie and why you
like it so much because you have a big
reverence for that film
yeah well part of it I mean it is a
brilliant movie I mean I can watch it
now I mean just editing the clips for
the review of Mary Poppins returns like
I'm already get emotional just watching
like man I can't see his movie again
even though I see a million times but um
when we were some people know some
people don't I was born in Italy cuz my
dad was in the Navy so we moved around a
lot and we only have like five movies I
think that were in English and one of
them was Mary Poppins so we just watched
it over and over and over so it's one of
those things where not only do I love
the movie but I know it very well and I
know on many different levels why it
works because I've just seen it so many
times and unlike a lot of other movies
we watch growing up it's not something
where oh that gets worse as you get
older it gets better and I just have a
mad respect for movies that are made for
children but can have a very different
relevance if not more relevance when
you're an adult sure you know there's
just a you know to go off topic a little
bit there's just this big interview with
George Lucas talking about the prequels
and stuff maybe say I'm so curious
connected no he's talking about you know
they were made for 12 year olds he's
like still defending the prequels and
everything and it's interesting because
Star Wars and especially you know Empire
Strikes Back which got darker connected
with everyone it seems like yeah and
that became more of an adult thing
almost you know what I mean I mean kids
still like Star Wars obviously they're
always gonna like Star Wars if you made
those for 12
he makes very weird movies right those
are very political movies to have for 12
year olds the original Star Wars movie I
know that they tried to make like you
know the Flash Gordon and all that kind
of stuff but I mean there's definitely a
thing about it that anyone can be
interested in Mary Poppins seems like
that same kind of thing even all these
years later it's 100% Rotten Tomatoes oh
I didn't know that maybe that's why the
Mary Poppins Returns got 80% because
they're like well it's one of the few
that's 100 percent so we got to give it
just a little bit of a knock but ya know
it's just it's really one of those where
you look at the acting you look at the
way it shot you look at the music and
even the backstory I mean they're saving
mr. banks total liberties but I mean
it's essentially that story and you just
see these two polar opposite creative
geniuses
you know compromising you know I mean
she didn't go on 2% with Disney Disney
didn't go on to present with Travers and
they really came up with just this
incredible product you know this
incredible movie that at least Disney
was happier for me was well from the
movie at least I mean I know that's not
like a very accurate account of
everything that happened but she seemed
like she was like liked it enough maybe
okay so so they cheat a little bit in
the movie again gonna hand off topic but
at the end when she's crying in the
movie saving mr. banks she cries at the
movie which did happen right but it's
for the reasons she said that she hated
animation and seeing her characters with
animated little cartoons she despised
but the movie makes it look like she's
crying and mr. banks and save her father
but then tries to hide it by saying oh I
just can't abide by animation but that
was the reason she was so upset
ya know and she said she never want to
work with him again but eventually did
with the Broadway one where she said we
can do this but you're following my
notes right and then they waited until
she died to do the sequel and I think
that's very telling she's been gone for
a while yeah I mean that's super long I
think less than 10 years oh really okay
yeah
no because she had input on the on the
Broadway means that silly way you could
do now I mean can't don't call me I want
to say like oh I could be wrong I could
be totally wrong
I saw it around that time so I'm sure
yeah so I mean Mary Poppins connects
with a lot of people I mean I remember I
think a lot of people do growing up with
that film too
I just I just loved Bert I like
everything about Bert Mary I know I mean
amazing as a kid you don't realize that
kind of no I it's I watched it recently
because Malcolm side for a Tamra's never
seen and watching but he is so charming
I know and he is so amazing in that
performance I think that's very telling
about just how likable an actor he is
that he can do this accent that's just
butchering I mean just butchering that
this language but at the same time he's
just so charming and so likable you
don't really care you see what a great
performance it still is despite that
right the dancing and everything just
like always caught my eye and he never
danced before right there's a gold
comedy but yeah I never danced and you
watch the movie knowing that it's like
holy smokes he's just kidding it's like
he's been you know dancing all his life
right it feels like because he was such
a physical comedian I'm a big fan I
think was very easy right it was an easy
segue into doing dancing yeah but man
it's still it's still a lot of fun to
watch nowadays - I don't think Mary
Poppins is one of those movies from the
60s you know sometimes you see that
movies from the 60 that don't really age
very well know a good example even
though I do like it chitty-chitty
bang-bang I love it but it's just for
kids this is just for a little little
kids there's a lot of great talent and
there's things that don't scant
appreciate but the story is only for
children where Mary Poppins can hit
everybody everybody can see something
amazing it absolutely so I heard Mary
Poppins returns supposedly takes place
25 years after the original roughly
around that time yeah yeah so you know
why didn't they try and dad
in your opinion why don't you think they
tried to adapt some of the other stories
because there's like eight books or
something that appeal trappers Mandarin
I I think well for one I mean maybe to
our credit they're just like okay we
don't want to you know piss on her
memory you know we'll just do our own
thing if that's the case fair enough I
mean it's like I think people think
there are other stories but I mean they
they are different and they clearly want
to do a sequel to their version of
married yeah it's like I get it in my
opinion a sequel doesn't even need to
exist I think it's pretty pointless I
think it's far too late right but if
you're gonna do it the setups not a not
that bad of setup and having it years
later having Jane and Michael grown up
having them deal with some sort of
tragedy I think is a good idea sure you
know and having the mother pass which
has been done a million times in Disney
films but it's you can still deal with
that an interesting way Mary Poppins
dealing with that can be very
interesting but no we get evil bankers
mancom Firth has like the same
expression in the entire movie did you
notice yeah yeah
yeah he doesn't like this I look angry
really or like inquisitive or anything
he's always just kind of like yeah like
his evil laugh if they had him do an
evil laugh he just be like oh yeah
hahaha that's it even when he tries to
throw up the balloon and it goes down
he's just like he's a really great actor
ya know like he's been like good stuff
but yeah and what what could he do with
that character I mean he did there's one
part that made me laugh a little bit
just because it's so silly he so has no
emotion what he's like get the children
which is so stupid but when they when
they write down the guy hits the door it
just goes cool even though like you know
in this break fool explanation point
explanation point stop them 5
explanation points they're just a fool
stop and that damaged it made me laugh I
almost thought oh maybe they are gonna
go comedic
of course they don't it's very
downplayed that performances and even
like you at the end when he's trying to
tell Michael would like to tell you a
term to stop lying or whatever but it's
it's still like very like monotone oh
yeah that's interesting
he points his finger which I remember
that's good to run this week yeah I'm
trying to remember if he yelled he maybe
he didn't it's just a finger pointing
maybe think no we didn't really yell it
just it's just kind of like he raises
his voice a little bit but it's never
like to yell or anything yeah so far as
to intense British anger right and
that's one of the big problems you had
with that movie was that they had a
villain in the first place where the
original Mary Poppins didn't exactly
have a strict villain no and I think
that's I mean again I don't know how
truthful it was but that's something
that Travers in at least saving mr.
banks was very much against it don't
make him a bad guy
don't make the father a bag I don't make
the bank a bad guy it's not that simple
you know these are people that think
they're doing good and they lose track
of what's important and different people
have different ideas of what's important
right and that's again you can even in
in the original you know Dick Van Dyke
playing mr. Dawes right you know he at
the very end I mean yeah he's sneaky
he's manipulative but he say but but
this is no you benefit I've been a
failure we all win
you know you he's a little boy he
doesn't know well we'll we'll fix him up
it'll be ok where we have his best
interests in mind uh you know and then
at the end mr. banks loses his job and
he laughs at the tree he laughed so much
he flies in the air and dies laughing
and it it's such a weird bizarre joyful
thing that mr. banks gets his job I mean
it's so ridiculous but it's still so
joyful and it's so happy you know we're
the one you know what oh he's Balu can't
fly ha ha you suck I don't know I take
it as a little bit of an insult when
they're like oh well it's just kinda
like when you say with Lukas ah they're
just kids films it's like no one you
know that like you know it's not just a
kid's film and you're just thinking
what's easier to do
this people will probably like it more
and though cheer more if they're trying
to stop the bad guy and you don't want
to go for the complex stuff you don't
want to take the risk and Barry Poppins
weirdly enough did have a lot of risks I
mean you just look at how much Disney
the author butted heads I mean it's like
and the movement of the money that went
to that first move yeah how much it
costs and how groundbreaking it was and
you have like a good five minutes of
just this dude walking and no talking no
anything it's just him walking and most
the you know at least half the movie is
Dancing with penguins and cartoons but I
mean no kid has got four white men seen
over and over but that's what they want
from this they want you to rewind bad
and that it's too easy man it's to marry
what did you think of the new Mary
Poppins of Emily Blunt as Mary Poppins
oh she's fine yeah I thought I really
liked Emily Blunt so I actually don't
know her from my channel the first thing
I saw her so I had no reference but yeah
looper is a great movie yeah I haven't
seen you check out I hear it's good but
no like she she comes in and she's she's
very stern and very strict uh maybe even
more than Andrews yeah and to a point
where like I said before when she smiles
it's a little weird I never quite buy a
bathtub scene was always weird because
she's like very stern the whole time
that she sits on the bathroom so uh the
some times when she has a little like a
smirk enough do you anything so you know
like whenever is played to her vanity
she does that well right but whenever
she's like I legitimately enjoying this
it's like no but but I it sounds weird I
much rather have whoever's playing
Poppins get the sternness down the
joyfulness down in a weird way
um but yeah the perfect performance as
both at Andrews really did have both
like weirdly had both perfectly balanced
like you don't see a performance
well balanced I be just so perfect with
both being very strict and domineering
and then just being like so happy and
full of life and reminded gently it is
just such a she won an Oscar for him and
I mean it's like you can see why right
and she didn't want to appear or didn't
appear in the new one I guess because
she was doing Aquaman like voicing the
character the reason she gave from what
I understand is that she said wherever
the new Mary Poppins is it should be for
her movie I don't want to get in the way
well let her and they say yeah which is
a very kind thing to say I think she's
like you're doing what I'm gonna do come
out the same day right but I will say
this you know I mean you know but Angela
Lansbury party yeah that was supposed to
act like it's supposed to Ivy ously
supposed to be like handing over the
balloon oh they'll forget if they're in
a same shot hand over the balloon to the
you know the next in line or something
like that why did they keep it in there
I don't you know I mean everyone likes
my Angela Lansbury but I mean maybe you
know I I guess for me I kind of like
seeing England time from Bedknobs and
Broomsticks handover like probably a
cursed balloon used to fight the Nazis
da she sees the reflection yeah like
turns into or something I mean your saw
the critic of you I liked a lot of those
references because the kids the youngest
kids may miss Georgie of course yeah the
two scenes that were legit kind of heart
melting for me I don't think I've talked
about in the review is when David Warner
when the Big Ben strikes five minutes
late finally got it right and that's so
stupid it's just so in his own mind but
it's it's weirdly justified it's a weird
we justified emotional moment even just
the clock going off you know it's it's
silly but he treats it so seriously and
the other scene Lansbury because I
haven't seen her in forever right that
voice still sounds amazing and that
brings up all these nostalgic feels huh
it seemed Dick Van Dyke is cool too but
I knew he was gonna be in it yeah I
didn't know going into it I wasn't sure
if he's gonna pop up or not because I
saw the trailer and I'm WA and I saw him
people love dance I'm like well that's
freaking cool so sorry I knew it was
coming so it's like I thought that's
awesome
he's like you know up a jillion years
old and he can still move yeah that was
probably my favorite part just seeing
him he just jumped onto a desk and
started like yeah stuff man is so cool
yeah Dick Van Dyke obviously you know it
was just cool to see him there and like
we talked about the Poppins
esque cameo maybe didn't work as well as
they were thinking because it wasn't
Julie Andrews but yeah um there any
number is still extremely enjoyable I
love the balloons stuff and like really
like all the songs actually I like in
this this is one of the few recent
musicals where a lot of times in recent
musicals that particularly in kids films
whenever they do a song it's like here
we go the song yeah and then usually
usually the film just grinds to a halt
now where it used to be really gave the
movie life and this is totally flip
where I feel like the songs are the best
part and not just the music and lyrics
but the the way they're shot and the
energy and the momentum is legit good I
mean watching them swim you know under
the water which is clearly a fan just
blowing on them I mean it's going like
that well what what the hair moves like
this underwater but it's like it
omens it I'm you know and see how this
looks a little fake but it's also very
grand and big and wonderful uh you know
where then you get a scene with like the
lamplighters where it just looks it
looks like a set and feels like a set
right feels phony you know it feels like
oh we're trying to do that again you
know but we're like half the charm you
know right I do want to mention that so
the Meryl Streep part in this always
kind of like I've seen it twice now that
both times I'm just kind of like what
what like it feels they have to do the
edwin scene that's it well we got do
that guy the first one that's this note
you know it just feels very much like
and now Meryl Streep and then she pops
up and is doing a goofy accent yeah they
do a little number with her yeah I mean
and you know if that was the only song
about looking at something from a
different point of view fine but like
they're all about that
and the number weirdly isn't very
entertaining because the sets upside
down cool
now what that's it you know that that's
all we got and it's one of those were
when I really looked at I'm like man how
much time unless have taken to build
this room and have all the little
knickknacks and stuff upside down and
glue them and everything like that like
that must have been insane but then I'm
thinking you know if he just you know
knocked down half of those you know took
out half the props in there and made her
where the room kept rotating or would
spin other directions or something like
that you could have really had a unique
cool idea sure and you know imagine the
kid sliding down the walls I mean he
spins the other way and they have to run
around and sound like it could have been
so much fun but because you just have
that one set it's just them running
around circle we're upside down what and
that's it so yeah it just seems like
again just like most of things in movies
just a missed opportunity right speaking
of repeats from the original one Jack
the Jack character in this is just feels
like well that's obviously Dick Van Dyke
has such a unique charisma even Lee
Manuel Miranda can't match that kind of
thing but it's enjoyable to see him in
there but it's it's just so obvious yeah
I'm gonna toss doom to everything you
know I'll see I don't know I don't wanna
see he's doing an impression of Burke
because that doesn't seem fair because
he's legit
charming cool guy you know what what
boats very much like this hey he's very
much like this well I mean just very
different kind of higher pitch and stuff
uh but yeah but they make it look like
him he's doing is similar right I mean I
guess he has one job in this at least
he's not going from job to job so I yeah
you say more jobs and Barbie but at the
same time I feel like you're just gonna
look at him and constantly compare him
to Burt which with Emily Blunt I mean
she looks different she talks different
you know it's still supposed to be pop
and so if you do make a connection
that's okay where this was supposed to
be a totally different character but
it's clearly that's just meant to be
burnt um but that is one of those where
I'm like I don't know how I would get
around that cuz clearly you need a bird
type you need to reference birds somehow
because
such a big part and they do very early
on yeah you know but it's like you know
okay but this is Bert now I mean they're
they're just trying to do that and
that's one of those things where it's
like yeah that's stupid but even I don't
know how I would get around that how do
you just you'd have to make just such a
different character I mean just
something 100% different well also
somehow referencing Bert and that's
tricky it's a hard thing to do so it's
one of those things where I looking at
them like yeah kind of lame but like I
don't have an answer you know I don't
know how I would fix that up one of the
things you talked about a lot in the
nostalgia critic review was how like
sort of a slave they are to the formula
from the first one but also not being
true to the spirit of it so I thought
that was an interesting dichotomy
because we titled this one what if Mary
Poppins Returns was a more faithful
sequel but you could argue that it is
because it does hit all those same beats
but as you pointed out in the fan
scription video it doesn't have the
heart sort of that the original one does
yeah it's like having a mathematical
formula that reaches a hundred and use
the same formula but you change the
numbers it's like but the numbers are
not gonna add up to a hundred but we
have the formula it it doesn't work that
way there's a reason you know 50 plus 50
equals 100 not 50 plus you know 5 equals
Andre you know you need the same you
need the same elements that add up and
it's tricky because you want to change
things but you want to do things exactly
the same too and there's very few times
where I feel like that can work I'm top
of my head the closest one I think both
works it doesn't work as the Back to the
Future movies where it's like those are
so blatant in how they do the exact same
thing right that's the point but that's
also kind of what's really funny I'm
like I might - I know everyone doesn't
like a lot of people I'm getting older
and realizes people don't like back in
the future - I just like my favorite
back it's one of those where it's like
yeah I even was a kid I really didn't
like that they did the exact same thing
but then as I got older it's kind of its
kind of so insulting it's amazing weird
like they're just so lately doing the
same thing and
you can't look it's like well but that's
just kind of how these people work in
time like they kind of follow this
formula isn't that weird and it's like
it's so lazy but it is really funny I
love them going into the first movie and
just having a different perspective on
the same events because when I was
growing up I never seen that before I
just thought that was such like a genius
idea
and I still think it's very well done in
the second movie it's very clever it is
one of those things I'm always like I
don't know it is hard for me to get into
the second one because I'm just like
I've seen this I don't want to see them
again at least we love it at least the
third one you're in a totally sure but
the same things also happen know babies
also that that's kind of the point of
like history repeats itself is kind of a
theme that's also my favorite he's like
give me an agenda come out Wilson is an
underrated actor actually he's a lot but
yeah I've seen him like his size songs
he does some bad funny yeah that's
fantastic but where I think Mary Poppins
returns differentiates itself from you
know movies like Back to the Future 2 is
that this is such a far off sequel
because the original was in 1960 yeah
and this is 50 something year fifty four
years later I mean very rarely do those
long off sequels work you know I mean
yeah well you have to top my head like
Mad Max fury road Rocky Balboa a lot of
people like ya know that they get well
and that's a series that very much
followed that formula right but they add
some interesting spin some interesting
point of views and stuff like that where
it works just well enough where you're
like dammit this really does make an
impact on me for sure um but yeah I
don't know for some buddies I'm thinking
to myself this has a the more I'm
thinking of it like a little bit of a
Ghostbusters reboot feel where it's like
yeah we're gonna do these notes but it's
like but something's really off it's
like you're you feel like you're doing
this because you have to hit these notes
not because you really want to tell this
story and I think that really shows with
like the first Mary Poppins
they're working they're butting heads oh
I know it should be about this now it
should be about that this song should
you know be the highlight this song
should be the emotion of my life they're
talking about how do we tell a good
story not okay how do we do that again
faithfully and do it well and stuff like
that we're in the first one they're like
let's just make something good might we
even have because there's nothing before
this that exists that we're trying to
replicate we're bringing people
something that's why seagulls are so
hard to do you have to recreate that yet
to somehow recreate the spirit while
giving them something there's a balance
for sure so let's get into some of your
changes in this so you wanted to bring
like I said earlier sort of the original
spirit of the more complex emotional
stuff from the original movie into Mary
Poppins returns so do you want to talk
about some of your choices and why you
made those choices and differences from
the original well the big thing is if
you're gonna do if you're gonna do a
sequel this long and far away I feel
like something has to be upped you know
is something that you know aside from
just the technology and I feel like
making the in a sense returns was kind
of on the right idea in like you know
they do want to up the threat but it's
not just a cartoonish bad guy literally
a figuratively in those guys uh you know
I feel like if they up a real threat and
they make it more adult instead of more
childish you can really have something
so I think having the threat of the
house going away could be really
interesting and having the threat of an
adult with a child losing his way losing
an important element that was in his
life that you know that really balanced
things out and that's go on things go
really out of balance and showing you
can come back from that but things will
get worse and you have to face the
consequences for it I think that's a
good lesson for both adults and kids
sure you know it's a tough lesson but
that's why you have the bright songs and
the colorful things going on and stuff
like that and eventually but they also
helped shape the lesson they also helped
show you how this stuff can work out
that's why I think the songs are legit
good in Mary Poppins returns they just
don't have a story to support it so if
you give a story they actually says hey
look at this from this
to view nothing physically has changed
but the way you look at it can change so
if that's kind of my thought with you
know the kid is bratty you know and the
father is truly lost he's not just oh I
lost the booze and things are looking at
it like he is just like he doesn't have
a job uh you know he's show me the cute
Joe Davis but anyway you know as someone
that because I feel like everybody's
either been or seen somebody like that
that was just really really been lost
and it seems like they can't get their
life back like they just sort of slipped
deeper and deeper uh but some of those
people do come back and they do turn
things around you know even even with
kids I mean they can turn things around
sometimes within the kids they can see
what they need to do so I feel like sort
of both the losing of the house and sort
of the losing the relationship between
you know the father and daughter could
that's where those can really be tied in
where they yes they lose the physical
side but they kind of get closer and if
I know more and more what matters and
when they realize that they have a more
chipper outlook they they get more
positive more they see the world
differently and that way sort of more
opportunities open up to them when
they're more positive because that's
definitely something I notice you know
more positive people
realistically positive people uh you
know they don't think if I just think
hard enough something Goods gonna happen
but I mean but they dad too does make a
big difference confidence makes a huge
difference so I like the idea that when
the house is when they actually lose the
house they lose the house Mandy's mom is
dead you know
you're very clear about yes you know but
but that's one of the great things about
Disney it's like no we're not going back
on this so so when they leave they they
grow closer cuz they thought the things
that actually did matter it's like well
that doesn't matter as much as what we
you know the connection we have and they
have to live without it but having that
connection made stronger actually makes
them you know and what appears that like
they're gonna be more prosperous they're
going to get the job he always wanted do
the things he always wanted to do and
you know they're gonna grow closer
together they're already much closer
she'll come by she'll sing the song
within and stuff like then they make
each other feel better so there's kind
of this responsibility that's grown but
also sorry this more fun confident
feeling that grows within them too so I
I feel is much more what Mary Poppins is
sure about rather than just not the bad
guy you know do you think that I mean
you obviously rewrote it was this film
that you're rewriting which came out
just last year do you think that this
actually taking place just 25 years
later would have worked better if this
came out and 1989 I guess they would
have been how do you think that would
have worked better and you could have
had some of the other characters back
maybe you could have brought brick back
to play oh you mean like actually have
Julie Andrews flying in as Mary well
that's that she might have been too old
at that point because she would look
very different so yeah right so what so
would you think like it would have only
worked now in just your opinion your
version of it would you have enjoyed it
now or what do you would you think it
would have worked if it was a real time
gap between the movies oh you mean like
the legit 25 years later it's actually
shot 25 years yeah uh it may be some
recasting or whatever but using your
same story if this was the movie that
they try to put together and you change
you know you know it worked the 80s is
harsh which I love it for that right um
but the the messages are usually more
simple but you know like return Oz
there's no place like home and playing
navigate just wants to get home it's
very home based um I'm gonna chipmunk
just wants to get ho you know that seems
to be it so I feel like um I don't know
if it would've worked as well on the
eighties even even the late eighties
good I think around that time there was
kind of this thing it's like you know
they want to be darker they want to be
grittier and screw ho come on
it went when the Joker dies Batman
killed him you know Batman kills people
in
I think that wasn't the right time we're
now with stuff like you know that Pixar
with the Toy Story movies and even
Disney with like frozen and stuff like
that their messages are getting a little
bit more complex but they can also still
tap into those dark moments for the most
part I don't know I don't know what
they're doing now but for a while they
you know passed like maybe a you know
nine years they've really been tapping
to the dark stuff but bringing you back
to the light again I think that's why
you've been responding to them so well
and that's why I think people are really
missing that now because there are so
many remakes and they're whatever
they're try and do to them they're just
sticking to that formula none of them is
headbands go as the original sure it
would have been fun to see a couple more
Mary Poppins movies because like we said
earlier there are books out there but
you know just the budding of the heads
of of the creator and Walt Disney and
stuff it just probably probably I'm
talking about like right after the
original yeah I mean if they would have
made like you know I could totally see
them making this where the Mary Poppins
character kind of like a James Bond
weird like you just get recast things
and stuff I could see that happening or
I could have seen that happening
throughout you know all these years
character if you drink they come up with
different problems you know the Family
Guy I am in a few would have to go to
different families
yeah absolutely but that would have been
interesting Mary Poppins returns as well
they've just made a totally different
family by Greg I know why they kept the
family like I get it but yeah might have
been more interesting if they switched
it up right and in the movie so the
first time I saw this in theaters I I
liked the songs a lot I liked the acting
but I wasn't a big fan the movie itself
the second time I watched it right
before starting editing the fan
scription video I liked it more I think
that's just partially because I'm used
to it a little bit and I kind of just
picked out the stuff that I liked and
was just kind of like you know blanking
out on the stuff I did the first time so
I did I do think there's some worthwhile
stuff in this movie especially reacting
I really like the Michael character in
this
I think the actor does both him and the
woman who plays Jane right that's what
I'm saying I think that they're
believable he plays really sympathetic
father lost
and everything so the kids are okay I
guess given anything right what can they
use kids a little like yeah everyone's
mother you know when they're fighting
over the pot like runs and I was like
okay but again what do you tell them you
know your character is sad I know it's
like that's all he's given maybe they're
not giving much all right and when I
watch it again I did see like they're
trying to give them a little bit more
like no they're the ones kind of running
things and being responsible it's like
I'll see but they're so tucked away and
just throw it away and usually I say you
know I want more salty movies but that
one I mean it's it's like non-existent
you know yeah alright link with this way
you don't see the downside of them
acting that way you only see well
they're calling the plumber while he's
taking the job the kids are very perfect
yeah yeah to a point where it's like you
don't yeah but to a point where it's
like you don't even see what the problem
is you don't see them being you know
well they don't know how to have fun
they're arguing with each other that
maybe do something with other kids you
know no I'm not here for 34th Street the
girl acts like she's way too adult oh
yeah yeah she says you know the teacher
wants me pretend I'm a bear I said I'm
not a bear I'm a girl oh why didn't you
tell him you're reliant no I'm not you
know you get it you see why this is a
problem in in Mary Poppins returns you
don't see why it's a problem they seem
like perfectly behaved little kids and
don't see why that's that's good and you
know and he seems honestly like a pretty
good father he just does and you know
he'll he lost the bills and the sink
explodes you know this thing that
explodes yes
it's like the house looks pretty clean
you know it's like oh it's low lighting
let doesn't mean the so the Lighting's
bad doesn't mean that like the place is
a disaster it just means like he lost
the finances which he had you know yeah
the shares or whatever you know was the
evil bank you know so I don't know I
still don't know like what the what
value we were supposed to get from that
a family is good cool right they knew
that one of the things in the Stata
critique the video that you pointed out
was
tying this into all the Disney remakes
because this is kind of that reboot
quill thing they do now but it's not
animated thing so it's not like
live-action version of this yeah this
kind of right well yeah but it's not
like you know the line came out there
making live-action Lion King or I guess
still actually it's still animated so
yeah yeah there's a lion about lying
right can-can that win Best Picture Best
Animated Feature cuz it's only be
hilarious if it won live action but if
we could it be not made for anime
because it is it's all animation isn't
it I don't know that's just a question
to ponder for you know and we know a lot
of people are split on the Atlanta new I
know Tamara loves that movie you hate it
Aladdin was my favorite Disney classic
cartoon when I was a kid so I'm
interested to see if I get anything out
of it I'm not super looking for night I
sure didn't die I mean it's it's like it
didn't offend me as much as Beauty and
the Beast but you and the bees have more
weight to it but no Beauty the bees had
a lot of weight to it so Aladdin was
always it has a little bit of weight but
it's mostly light-hearted and funny you
know it does it very well so this one's
the same it's just not good it's
technically worse than the new Beauty
and the Beast but it's like because it's
not but it doesn't seem as insulting
sure you know yeah any last thoughts on
your changes to Mary Poppins returns or
just about the movie in general or the
original film um Disney come back where
are you going like remember when frozen
was like just took over the world and
everyone's like oh my god Disney's just
like with this wreck-it Ralph and pizza
man they're amazing
and then just something happen there
just direct-to-dvd sequel everything
just with like live actor remakes it
seems like a modern-day version of that
yeah which is a shame I mean it's like I
don't know just to get it back Disney
you got it in there man just you know
thing to take a risk again yeah right it
seems like they don't have much
I mean financially speaking they don't
have much motivation to do that because
Marvel is making them zillions of
dollars I mean I don't know from
business standpoint I can't it be like
yeah these are making tons of money why
people seem to like these for the most
part I guess I mean like that I feel
like people are giving people or more
people are getting sick of them right
but it's like kids get that nostalgia
kids are always gonna like it that's
also gonna get that in this town right
you know which is like onion knuckle i
hearing some of the aladdin songs in
imax what's pretty cool
sure you know it's and a lot of people
say about Mary Bowser turns oh very bad
she comes down and she has the umbrella
I get it I totally get it
um but yeah I just feel like you can
really even with the remakes you can add
something really different and put like
a cool spin on it while still keeping
faithful to the spirit I just feel like
they're not doing that and that's the
thing that you want to try to inject
into your version of it the most I think
yeah so yeah good job
enjoy your take on it thank you thank
you so next month we'll be back I think
Rob will be back on the podcast too I'm
gonna be doing a different version of
spider-man 3 because spider-man far from
home is coming out in the beginning of
July so at the end of June I'm gonna be
fixing that up the best I can
a lot of people like that movie now for
some reason including Malcolm why I
still don't get it
I I like it as much as the other I know
you have a different like I love you but
they're all stupid but feel like across
the line to me and this was like one of
the first reviews I wrote for my high
school paper was for spider-man 3 so
it's kind of going back to my roots no
oh nice and that kind of you know point
of view and things but I'm gonna be uh
you know looking into that a lot and
trying to fix up the I think there's one
big thing that won't reveal yet but it's
an easy fix that another dance number
yes one more yeah so look forward to
that next month Doug thanks for joining
me on the podcast Thank You Man yes
yeah if you haven't already seen this
daughter Critic episode you probably
have I mean but if you haven't make sure
you check that out that's up now on the
channel awesome YouTube channel right
here so we'll see you next month guys
thanks for watching
[Music]
you